ladies love today gee this is a we drew
a simple shift so that you could focus
on the ocean this is the state of the
art of ocean simulation is a software
you did several a couple years ago and
you can see that the ocean simulator is
free you know most of most of the waves
are relatively consistent there's those
there's no spray there's no this is
about as far as we can go with it
there's no spray there's no foam and it
doesn't it doesn't respond to win it
doesn't really matter what wind blows up
over this it's pretty much like this and
so we decided that interactive ocean
simulation can really go to the next
level and you've seen some work that
pioneer work that was recently done by
Rhythm & Hues for the movie The Life of
Pi where the ships sank and a tsunami
that ocean simulation is
state-of-the-art that's fantastic work
now what we're going to do here is
completely in real time it's completely
real time soon so for example a gamer
could actually be on one of those ships
and as the wind picks up as the wind
picks up the ocean will start to respond
accordingly
and so this would be I would say what is
it this is a Beaufort level 60 this is a
rough seas there are 20,000 sensors
around the whole
and is sensing the water pressure from
the wave simulator the water pressure
the physics simulator help the boat how
to ship how to respond depending on its
weight and depending on the scale of the
ocean and of course the speed that how
many knots the the the ship is going as
the that the sensors also picks up the
water proximity and the velocity of the
ship and where it is it strikes the
water appropriately spray would go up in
the air and some of the spray will get
picked up by wind and blow away there's
a hundred thousand spray partners some
of the spray will fall back to the ocean
mix in with the ocean turned into
bubbles and subsequently phone
the smoke is also being simulated
for 10 which is hi gals
to a hurricane this is not quite
perfect storm but his
so ladies and gentlemen
real-time ocean singular good job good
job Jim thank you